# I uh by MidnightBeuaw

## About
I uh, or `i_uh_midnightbeuaw.md`, was written by [MidnightBeuaw](https://namemc.com/profile/MidnightBeuaw.1), being found on 
the [NightFurs.net](https://http://nightfurs.net) Minecraft server in a creative world, near -72 / 67 / -81. The book was found on 2022-11-28, but as of 2022-12-03, it is now gone.

## Contents
```
Sorry if I made your
build look worse, I
was building in
creative this morning
and looked over and
saw the meeting place
covered in dirt, and I
didnt like how that
looked, so I removed
the dirt but it looks
like scurb slightly
clipped into your
building, so then when
I went to fix it my

brain decided "hmm I
think white terracotta
would look better on
this to make it look
less like a home and
more like a place to
do meetings at", so
now it just looks like
a giant terracota blob
and I want to redo the
while think but at the
same time I know how
much time you spent
working on the thing

I'm sorry I did this at
5 am my time and my
brain wasnt fully
awake holy shit I'm
sorry please don't
murder me TvT
```
