# welcome! by vantablack420

## About
`welcome_vantablack420.md` is a welcome book from [the tilder server](https://mc.tildeverse.org), a [second version would be made](welcome2_0_vantablack420.md) later, both of which were written by [vantablack420](https://namemc.com/profile/vantablack420.1).

The book is found at -89 / 113 / 56 in a large flating building found near spawn.

## Contents
```
WELCOME TO THE
TILDE.TOWN MINECRAFT
SERVER! by vantablack

useful things around spawn:

*post office (claim and
decorate a box
for others to leave you
mail!)
*diner (free food!)
*iron farm (free iron!)

*tree farm (free
wood!)
*thrift store (free
stuff!)
*the furnace (smelt
away!)
*bigass farm (it's big)
*the vault (has
everything!)
*cobble/dirt vault
(exactly what you
think!)
*technicolor dye shop
(everything in every

color!)
*oceantown embassy
(free prismarine!)
*archery range (free
bows and arrows!)
*mob grinder (free mob
drops!)
*the metro (goes many
places!)
*nether highway (also
goes many places!)
*noise farm (it farms
noise!)
*bone palace (full of

bones!)
*library (free
enchanted and
unenchanted books!
and also a sugarcane
and bamboo farm!)
*cartographer's guild
(maps!)
*vexillology
department (flags!)
*animal farm (animals!)
*afk fishing farm (with
item sorter!)
*kelp farm (kelp!)

*community chorus
farm (free purple!)

useful things further
from spawn:

*xp grinder (/warp
grinder)
*oceantown gold farm
(/warp oceantown)
*dgold's farms (blaze,
wither, ghast, gold,
squid, rose)
(accessible via
nether)
*slime farm (follow
metro's industrial

one)
*snow farm (ask
troido)
*the end (/warp end)

questions? feel free
to ping me on irc! even
if i'm not in game i'll
answer -- the game
chat is bridged to irc.

happy minecrafting!

-vantablack
```