# Welcome! 2.0 by vantablack420

## About
`welcome2_0_vantablack420.md`, is a book that is located on [the tilder server](https://mc.tildeverse.org), the book itself has had a number of copies made that have been seen around the world a lot, so its original location is unknown.

The book itself is a welcome guild to the server, talking about locations to see and useful commands.

Version one of this book is currently not indexed and is wanted.

## Contents
```
welcome to the tilde
minecraft server!

this guide brought to
you by vantablack

\\        /   ||---
 \\      /    || |> \
  \\    /     ||    /
   \\  /      || |> \
    \\/      .||____/

updated 5/16/2021
version 2.0

USEFUL COMMANDS:

/sethome [name]: to
set a home you can
tele back to (five
slots)

/warps: for a full list
of warps

/craft: opens up a
crafting table menu

/ec: opens up ender
cheast menu

/tpahere [player]:
teleports you to
another player

/tpahere [player]:
teleports another
player to you

/sleep: to sleep and
skip the night

THINGS AROUND SPAWN:

post office: claim and
decorate a PO box

the vault: has ahuge
auto sorting system
and just about any
block you'd ever need

noise farm: it farms
noise! look for the pink and teal path

iron farm: free iron

tree farm: it's a tree
farm

thrift store:
take/leave random
junk

the furnace: large
multi-chamber furnace
always loaded with
fuel

dye shop: has dyes
and colored things

library: full of books,
enchanted/written/re
gular

archery range: has
bows and arrows

nether highway: goes
many places

the metro: also goes
many places!

bone palace: full of
bones

mob farm: has mob
drops

the kropotkin institute:
trading hall

the emerald tower:
free emeralds

the undercity: exactly
what it sounds like

THINGS NOT AROUND
SPAWN

nethergrinder3: fast
xp farm (/warp
nethergrinder3)

raid farm: farm for
pillager raids (/warp
raidfarm)

oceantown: trading
hall and cool building
in general (/warp
oceantown)

industrial zone: it's
the industrial zone
(/warp industrialzone)

new nether: if you
need newwer chunks
to find netherite
(/warp newnether)

404 art zone: the 404
art zone! (/warp fourohfour)

---

check out the dynamic
map on
map.mc.tildeverse.org

happy minecrafting!

-vantablack

```